how's it going today I'm doing a video
just explaining the 4g mobile hotspot
feature for metro pcs these are two of
the leading phones that I actually offer
the 4G mobile hotspot this is not
available on all of the Android phones
that Metro offers there are a few more
than these two I just chose these two to
show as I talked about the four G mobile
hot spot the 4G mobile hotspot is not
available on an unlimited 4G plan you
would have to get either the $50 plan
which only gives you 2.5 gigabytes of 4G
data or you would have to get the $60
plan which gives you 5 gigabytes of 4G
data I'm going to put up a chart in a
minute that's going to show you how that
breaks down after you're out of 4G data
it will just switch to 3G you will still
have access to the hotspot on top of
that 50 or $60 plan it is a $10 fee to
add the mobile hotspot to the device
each device can be used with multiple
devices that are Wi-Fi enabled this
would be good for gaming say on a
Playstation or an Xbox I would make sure
you have good 4G signal if you were
going to do something like gaming on an
Xbox or a PlayStation 3 before investing
in getting a hotspot phone the galaxy s3
is equipped with one this phone is now
retails at 500 and metro pcs stores from
what I heard it is going to be going on
sale very shortly
I believe it's going to start on the
15th where it will be $100 off again the
LG motion also is equipped with a mobile
hotspot great device for the price this
one's only 150 and thanks for watching
I'm going to show the chart now so you
can see how it breaks down for the data
usage and have just how much you can
really do with five gigs or 2.5 gigs
this is a breakdown of how five
gigabytes of data or 2.5 gigabytes of
data would break into emails pages
viewed basically just how you use the
internet if you see with MetroPCS I only
did the $50 plan and the $60 plan these
are actually the plans that are
compatible with the mobile hotspot
feature and that's what I was been
getting the questions upon the $50 plan
comes with 2.5 gigabytes of data email
sent and received that's 3,500 a month
emails with attachments that's 1,100 per
month songs of streaming music around 42
web page is viewed about 2,800 apps
games or song downloads 35 if you go up
to the $60 plan it does double your
limit which is 5 gigabytes you will have
7000 for email sent and received emails
with attachments 2200 songs of streaming
music 75 web page is viewed 5600 apps
games or song downloads 70 I didn't add
YouTube videos or streaming videos to
this breakdown because it's really hard
to gauge how many videos you can view
with with a limit the thing is is that
every video is different they're all
different sizes
they would take up more data if it's a
longer video and it would take up less
data if it's a really short video if
you're a video junkie and watching
YouTube videos all day long you're going
to want unlimited data so then you need
to decide if you really want that hot
spot or if you really want unlimited
data because the hot spot for MetroPCS
is not available with an unlimited 4G
plan thanks for watching make sure to
hit subscribe